# Guyana

This one was by far the best one I managed to solve. It had everything, cryptography, hidden clues and some CS knowledge. When I began this challenge, I thought it had to be solved through a Cesar Cipher, so I made a program that tried to crack a Cesar Cipher, adding or substracting a number to each character, the challenge even tells you that that number is between 0 and 255, so it wouldn't be impossible to check with the human eye each result and see if it's something readable, even if it involved watching 511 (to include the possibility of substracting and adding) texts being printed in console. So I did that, first I tried with a timer between each try of 0.5 seconds, believing I would be able to see some words, but after not seeing anything, I increased the sleep to 1 second, but again, nothing. I even tried going from -512 to 512, believing that maybe somehow it wasn't in that number, but again, nothing. Then I decided to move on to another challenge.

After solving a couple, I decided to give it another try, but this time, I started looking for clues in the challenge, and realized that the initials of the challenge protragonists, formed the word XOR, and that it couldn't be a coincidence. After a quick Google search, I stumbled upon the XOR Cipher, basically the same as the Cesar but instead of adding or substracting, it XOR's each bit. So I repeated the program but changing that operation, and while trying the number 137, something appeared, it was still somewhat cryptic but it was clearly the message, so I tried the answer "137", but no, that was wrong. So I came back to that decrypted message and tried to search for some more direct message like "The answer is X" but nope, still nothing. Then I reached the begining of the message and found the very familiar letters "PDF", it was indeed a PDF file what I was reading, just decoded, so I changed the program to decrypt first with the key 137 and then write that as binary to a pdf file. Everything that was left was opening the file with a PDF reader that revealed the message "eXtraORdinario!".

## Answer

eXtraORdinario!